[Music]
magic is awesome don't you agree I know
it's not real and the magicians are
tricking us but it's kind of fun to
experience that while sensation it
almost always leaves me wondering how
did he do that as exciting as magic can
be it gets a bit frustrating trying to
figure it out
so let me ease your pain by revealing
the secrets behind 10 common tricks
[Music]
what sawing the beautiful assistant in
half eh how come it's never the girl
sawing the guy in half anyway this is
probably one of the most common magic
tricks and it's a classic for a reason
it looks really cool I mean the guy
actually pretends to split someone in
two and then she gets up and smiles as
if nothing happened I couldn't believe
it when I found out how simple this one
is there are actually two women in two
completely separate boxes pushed
together as you can see these ladies
have to be a bit flexible to fit into
the small spaces and trick the audience
into believing there's only one person
in there the magician helps his lovely
assistant into one box leaving her head
exposed that part is clear to the
audience the trickery comes when the
second girl has to put her feet out the
other end of the second box the timing
has to be perfect so it actually looks
like the legs of the first assistant now
the magician can safely pretend to solve
through the middle well it actually just
slides down between the two boxes simple
number two the hand through solid glass
to do this trick a magician needs a
special made screen that has a real
solid mirror as well as two separated
fake mirror panels as the performer
pushes his hand through the mirror the
two faked panels move forward and there
is space for his hand to pass through
his assistant then shifts the real
mirror back in place before showing the
audience a solid mirror now I get the
SPECIAL device and all that but what
about the street magicians that put
their hand through solid glass panels of
actual stores dynamo took jewelry
glass case in a jewelry store turns out
he made arrangements with the store
ahead of time and a similar device with
moving glass panels was installed it's
unclear who moved these panels during
their performance
perhaps a hidden assistant or secret
buttons under his foot even if it's only
a trick it's still fun to watch number
three levitating volunteer from the
audience
this one really freaked me out as a kid
I was in six or seventh grade and a
magician asked for a volunteer and shows
a young girl from the front row who was
eagerly raising her hand the next thing
I knew she was floating it didn't look
like an illusion when the magician used
a solid hoop to prove there were no
strings attached
I may even felt a little traumatized
needless to say it was comforting to
find out she was lying on a board being
held up by a metal rod that is cleverly
disguised in some cases it is hidden by
the magician standing in front of it and
the rod is made in a special shape to
accommodate the hoop with a strange Bend
that makes it look like the hoop goes
all the way around again so simple I'm
starting to feel a little silly for
falling for it in the first place number
4 torn dollar bill restored here the
audience is fooled into believing that a
dollar bill is torn into pieces and
restored by rubbing the pieces together
for this trick the magician needs to do
some preparation to dollar bills are
glued together with paper glue only on
the edges of the bottom halves the top
halves are loose and if folded away from
each other there should be a pocket
created between the glued pieces for the
trick one half is folded back away from
the audience the front bill is then torn
in half and the torn piece is sometimes
torn more than once
to convince the audience that it is torn
the torn bits are then rubbed against
each other and slide into the pocket the
undamaged bill is then unfolded to
reveal an undamaged
who allas sneaky number five floating
man on the street it seems so real since
it's happening right there in public you
can actually test it yourself by putting
a foot or hand under or over the man to
find some sort of hidden support turns
out the staff he's holding is the hidden
support similar to the iron rod used for
the levitating girl on stage the street
floater is actually sitting on a hidden
support structure connected to the staff
he's holding on to this connection is
hidden from the audience by loose long
sleeves the staff is also connected to a
platform so he doesn't have to balance
the iron rod which would have been a
great trick to so this way he can stay
in a seemingly floating position for
quite some time with minimum effort
[Music]
number six
turning playing paper into money if this
were real I wouldn't mind if it were my
regular nine-to-five job and on top of
that it would probably be tax-free oops
is the IRS watching this never mind guys
it looks like I'll have to stick with my
current line of work for the time being
turns out this trick is fairly easy if
practiced a few times it starts off by
folding the bill into a small square and
placing it in the palm of your hand
it shouldn't be too obvious which is why
it takes some practice for the
performance you take any piece of plain
paper and light it on fire to distract
the audience as it disintegrates the
plain paper is thrown down while at the
same time bringing the note to your
fingers where the burning paper was and
there you have it paper into money just
like that too bad you need the money to
do the trick please be careful when
trying this at home
hey come to think of it burning through
money isn't all that hard
number seven the levitating car this
trick is simple enough to try without
putting yourself or anyone else around
you in harm's way by playing with fire
the performer makes it seem like she can
actually make the card float by using a
magical force actually she simply places
her index finger on top of the deck
while using her pinky to move the card
up this way it seems as if the index
finger is making the card move around
with no effort
I am so trying this one at my next
family event number eight signed card
trick so this is the one where the
trickster asked some member of the
audience to sign a card then he tears it
up and it magically reappears in perfect
condition here it is the famous slip of
the hand trick that creates the illusion
of magic when the illusionist takes the
signed card from the member of the
audience he changes it with one he had
in his pocket or up his sleeves who up
his sleeves I guess that's not just a
saying after all the card that gets torn
up is not the signed one and the
original signed card is secretly slipped
back into the deck to WoW the audience
number nine
disappearing box mirrors have been used
for a long time to fool audiences all
over the world the disappearing box
makes it look like any object placed in
the box can disappear and reappear with
the flick of a wand the box is actually
split in half by a diagonal double-sided
mirror the reflection of the mirror
allows the box to appear empty even when
an object is placed inside this trick
has a few different ways of being
performed and a lot of magicians put
their own spin on it
with perhaps even more mirrors or a
bigger box that makes people vanish and
return in front of our very eyes
the concept of mirrors still applies
it's all about perspective
number ten swords through someone in a
basket here it seems as if the magician
is pushing swords through their
assistant who's in a seemingly tiny
basket a drape is thrown over the
assistant getting into the basket and
with dramatic movements she makes it
look as if she's squeezing herself in
there with some difficulty once inside
there's actually plenty of room for her
to maneuver around as the swords are
pushed in around her
the magician starts by only putting the
tip of the blade into the basket so the
assistant can change her position and
avoid being hurt some assistants are
professional contortionist
that can get their whole body into even
smaller baskets which adds a little
extra tension to the trick so
abracadabra there you have it if you
know of any secrets behind magic tricks
sound off in the comments
revealing magic tricks probably take
some of the magic out of it but luckily
magicians still keep coming up with new
innovative ways to distort our
perception and make us believe all over
again
or maybe it's just me they get to fool
over and over again don't forget the
thumbs up if you enjoy the video go
ahead and hit the subscribe button for
more videos that reveal the bright side
of life thanks for watching
you